---
title: "COSPAS-SARSAT Analyzer"
externalUrl: https://www.vipm.io/package/olymp_engineering_llc_lib_cospas_sarsat_analyzer
summary: "COSPAS-SARSAT Analyzer

OLYMP Engineering COSPAS Decoding Toolkit for LabVIEW extends the built-in analysis capability of the LabVIEW graphical development environment with functions and tools for COSPAS signal analysis, visualization, and the processing of long and short message formats."
showSummary: true
showAuthor: false
showEdit: false
showData: false
showViews: false
showReadingTime: false
showWordCount: false
showBreadcrumbs: false
showHeadingAnchors: false
sharingLinks: false
showZenMode: false
showPagination: false
showRelatedContent: false
draft: true
tags:
 - "VIPM"
 - "NI LabVIEW Tools Network"
---

Redirecting to https://www.vipm.io/package/olymp_engineering_llc_lib_cospas_sarsat_analyzer

Vendor: OLYMP Engineering LLC

Author(s): Orbel
 
Full Description:
COSPAS-SARSAT Analyzer

OLYMP Engineering COSPAS Decoding Toolkit for LabVIEW extends the built-in analysis capability of the LabVIEW graphical development environment with functions and tools for COSPAS signal analysis, visualization, and the processing of long and short message formats. With this toolkit, the user can rapidly develop custom applications for research, design, characterization, validation, and test of COSPAS transmitter systems. 

Analyze Simulated, Previously Acquired, or Live Data.

By installing the COSPAS Decoding Toolkit, the user enhance LabVIEW with new palette VIs and source code examples. The user can apply these new components for hardware-independent simulation where user work with previously acquired data from a file or generated by a simulation model. The user can also integrate the functions with high-frequency design tools to address the complexity of accurate source and component design verification by linking a behavioral model for simulation directly  to automated test system results. By working within the LabVIEW development environment, the user can also easily wire toolkit VIs together with other VIs that control acquisition or signal generation hardware. Custom applications built with the COSPAS Decoding Toolkit can control PC-based modular instruments from National Instruments.
The COSPAS Decoding Toolkit for LabVIEW complements the PXI-5661, PXIe-5663 and PXIe-5665 RF vector signal analyzers. By combining the functionality of the RF vector signal analyzer and the COSPAS Decoding Toolkit, user have a virtual instrumentation platform with COSPAS signal analysis capabilities. For lower-frequency operation (baseband or IF signals), the COSPAS Decoding Toolkit works with digitizers from NI.

Software requirements: LabVIEW (2013 and above), Modulation Toolkit (4.2.1 and above), Spectral Measurements Toolkit (2.5.1 and above), Third-Party Licensing and Activation Toolkit.
Hardware requirements: NI PXI-5661, NI PXIe-5663, NI PXIe-5665 RFSA's and NI PXI-5671, NI PXIe-5672, NI PXIe-5673 RFSG's (if necessary to generate the COSPAS signal via NI hardware).
IMPORTANT: NI RF Device Drivers for NI hardware.


For purchasing or getting support on the product:
E-mail: info@olympmail.am
Tel.: +374 93 688 597
Add.: 123 Hovsep Emin EIF Entrance, 102
                             Yerevan 0051, Armenia